# A-Little-Help
Discord Bot created with discord.py see the list of commands to see the actions it can perform. These commands are separated into two different categories slash commands and regular commands. Slash commands are preceded with a "/" and are synced to Discord to allow you to search through them. All slash command arguments are listed in Discord and type-checked before sending them to the bot. The other non-slash commands are not advertised on the slash command menu within Discord and are more for the developer to use or debug although other users can use them if they want to.

To run this yourself you will need to get a discord token and make a file called token.txt where you put the token only. KEEP THIS TOKEN PRIVATE. This file goes in the main directory.
In addition, if you want the create_doc, create_slide, create_sheet, and get_file functions to work you must also put a file named gDrive.json in the Google folder. This contains Google Drive OAuth 2.0 credentials. KEEP THESE CREDENTIALS PRIVATE. The discord bot runs on a service account type from Google Drive. 


# List of Slash Commands
calculator:\
A simple calculator I implemented with support for + - * / ^ operators in any arbitrary combination and also supports parentheses.\
The underlying implementation takes the expression entered by the user and converts it to postfix notation before evaluating and returning the answer to the user.

create_doc:\
Creates a Google Doc and returns a link to the newly_created doc.\
This command will put the created file in a folder based on the server this command was used in, see get_file for why.\
Leverages the Google Drive API.

create_sheet:\
Creates a Google Sheet and returns a link to the newly created sheet.\
This command will put the created file in a folder based on the server this command was used in, see get_file for why.\
Leverages the Google Drive API.

create_slide:\
Creates a Google Slide and returns a link to the newly created slide.\
This command will put the created file in a folder based on the server this command was used in, see get_file for why.\
Leverages the Google Drive API.

decode:\
Converts nonsense generated by the  encode command back into the original message.

encode:\
Converts text into nonsense that can be decoded using the decode command.

flip_coin\
Uses a random number generator to "flip a coin" and returns either heads or tails based on whether the number is odd or even.

get_file:\
Searches for a Google file by name that was created by using create_doc, create_slide, or create_sheet and returns it if it exists.\
If multiple files with the same name exist this command will return all files that match.\
To prevent the bot from getting access to files created in other guilds the user might not have access to, the bot will search for files in a folder based on the server this command was called in. This effectively separates each server into its own storage space.\
Leverages the Google Drive API.

ping:\
Returns bot response time in milliseconds.

reminder:\
Allows the user to create a reminder for the server, lets the user enter a message to display, and sets a time for the reminder to go off.\
This is a simple reminder, it does not have super fine-tuning of the timer but it's easier to set up than the complex one.

reminder_complex:\
Same as the reminder command but allows the user to fine-tune the time of goes off more than the reminder command.\
It takes slightly more time to set up than the other reminder command.

roll_dice:\
Uses a random number generator to "roll a dice" defaults to a six-sided dice but the user can specify a different-sided dice.

youtube:\
Find a YouTube link based on your search query and return the link.\
This will always get a YouTube link or nothing, as it will search the links it finds to match the YouTube URL signature.\
This command returns the first YouTube link it finds.


# List of Commands
!info\
Gives bot ID, user ID, guild name, and guild ID

!addBot:\
Provides a link to add the bot to another server, this link gives the bot admin privileges.
